== SDN-Portal
Pull requests are very welcome. If you see an issue you want to work on or if you have your own idea, feel absolutely free to write code.

== Getting Started
Use bundler to install gems
  bundle install
  bundle update
Create the development database
  rake db:setup
  rake db:migrate
Start the development server to localhost:3000
  rails server
Log into the site by clicking one the user icon. Create a User.
When a user needs to be set as an admin, in the console the user.admin boolean needs to be set to true.
  rails c
  usr = User.find(id) #with id being whatever integer is in the show page url for a user ('/users/33' would be 33)
  usr.admin = true
  usr.save

== Licensing
Copyright (c) 2012 Joe Wood, Federation of Students, University of Waterloo

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.